# TestCase

* The assignment took me 14 hours, I want to believe that my estimation wasn’t completely off considering I’ve finished what I thought I would be finishing in 10 hours. BUT, at that point I couldn’t make the tableView scroll as smooth as I would want it to be. So after hours of debugging and literally doing everything that is possible to do with a tableView, I’ve come to realise that the problem was caused by html rendering in my cells.  So I’d say 4 more hours was spent on finding this out and also implementing a different solution for the tagged strings. But most importantly eventually the scrolling was /Smooth/.
* ~~I wanted to implement dark-mode as well but I’ve encountered an issue since I was using html attributions to render the desired text for the cells. Since the colour that is being set in the attributed string is a static String, it doesn’t respect the *traitCollection* changes.~~ Considering I am not using html rendering anymore, this is no longer an issue. Dark-mode works well. I still wanted to leave this here as a little piece of trivia!
*  I’ve cached “Users” in the memory on a static variable, normally I would probably go with CoreData for this. Considering the nature of the app doesn’t involve many /other/users in the users bubble, I thought caching already fetched users would be a good idea.
* I’ve written some tests to show you that I do and I can write tests but didn’t want to spend time on writing a mock data classes to test my viewModels or controllers. But looking at the nature of how the models and controllers are written, it should be easy to see with given data all components should be easy to test.
* I’ve used `SDWebImage` for loading images from the urls. But If I was meant to write this myself, I would basically write an imageView that takes in a URL and creates a cache for the image after downloading it asynchronously.
* [UTS #35: Unicode LDML: Dates](https://unicode.org/reports/tr35/tr35-dates.html) I’ve used this as a reference for the date formatting.
